Week 4

Date: Mon 13 Oct
    Time: 17:00 - 17:40

        What we talked about:
        The data Api's and other options available such as PRAW and Tweepy.
        We also came to a conclusion on what logo we would go with. 
        
        Who did what:
        Denis : Setup Apache Kakfa on local machine, created a topic and started looking into Social Media Apis
        and notified the team about the challenges with official API's requiring a subscription and also gave the team recommendations.
        Diwen: Explained to the team about the Blur-effect on the frontend and also how the guest user and paid user will interact with the system,
        expained how to use API to connect each tier in the system.
        Mingde: Agreed to share his work on backend through an api and also worked on the logo.


Date: Tue 14 Oct
    Time: 10:00 - 10:30 (with mentor), 10:30 - 11:30, 17:00 - 17:30

        What we talked about:
        Data extraction, data storage, data flow and data engineering.
        API resources for social media platforms.
        High-level system architecture.
        Web push notification function from the backend.
        Select a database to store and retrieve post content.

        Who did what:
        Denis: A brief explanation of how the DL will be trained and how it will work within the system.
        Explained Kafka's role within the system. Explored the legitimacy of the data.
        Diwen: Explained how the flowchart may help to create the high-level system architecture.
        Discussed the API specifications connecting each tier.
        The most streamlined system operation workflow and implementation plan.
        Mingde: Demonstrated the backend push notification functionality.
        created Oracle 23 ai database and shared the wallet.


Date: Thu 16 Oct
    Time: 21:00 - 22:30

        What we talked about:
        Model trainning, flowchart and database ER diagram.

        Who did what:
        Denis: Explained how he trained the model, improved the flowchart and finalised the presentation slides.
        Diwen: Introduced the flowchart diagram and database ER diagram, finalised the presentation slides.
        Mingde: Pushed backend code, finalised the presentation slides.


