Week 2

Date: Sun 28 Sep
    Time: 16:00 to 18:00
        What did we talking about:
        Finish last weeks challenges, talked about how to finish TO DO for this week (week3).

        Who did what:
        Denis: Will do the three personas on Figma after tomorrow's meeting.
        Mingde: High fidelity and fill the personas spreadsheet.
        Diwen: The app logic was explained and a demo was shown.


Date: Mon 29 Sep
    Time: 14:00 – 14:43
        What we talked about:
        Contact Diwen for sketches.
        Compare sketches with low-fidelity wireframes.
        Review Denis’s personas.
        Check Mingde’s persona mistakes.

        Who did what:
        Denis: Finished 3 personas, reviewed team members’ personas.
        Mingde: Liaised with Diwen to get sketches, worked on low-fidelity wireframe,
                continued working on personas (not yet finished), updated personas spreadsheet.
        Diwen: Finishing personas, communicated with group, sent sketches to Mingde.


Date: Tue 30 Sep
    Time: 10:00 – 12:30
        What we talked about:
        3 personas form each one, use case scenario and TO DO (weekly slides, use case and Figma).
        
        Who did what:
        Denis: Presented three personas, asked questions about the other personas and modified the persona sheets. Talked about the use case.
        Mingde: Presented three personas, gave questions for the other personas and talked about the use case.
        Diwen: Presented three personas, provided questions for the other personas and discussed the use case.


Date: Wed 1 Oct
    Time: 14:20 - 15:00
        What we talked about:
        We talked about how to finish the prototype of main use-case e.g. FIGMA, reviewed other completed TO DO, and divided up the remaining tasks.
        
        Who did what:
        Denis: Found articles about low-fidelity wireframe, defined how the use-case e.g. FIGMA should look. Boost team morale.
        Mingde: Found useful documentation from his UX module, will try to use it and the use case with sketches to draw the low-fidelity wireframes.
        Diwen: Checked all the TO DO list, ask others video record, explained how to use the user case with sketches to create low-fidelity wireframe.

    Time: 19:00 - 19:33
        What we talked about:
        Requirement Specification.

        Who did what:
        Each person presented their written contributions to the others and discussed how to merge these materials.


Date: Thu 2 Oct
    Time: 14:00 - 14:47
        What we talked about:
        We discussed ways to improve the organisation of Projects on GitHub.
        We also discussed data management, evaluated the data we had found, and considered how to obtain new data through APIs.

        Who did what:
        Denis: Explained how the Visualize Harrassment networks might work under the data management.
        Mingde: Enquired about the sequence of data usage after removing metadata.
        Diwen: Explained to others how to use the advanced features of GitHub Projects.
        Provided an overview of the data management framework under the Irish Data Protection Act and the GDPR to others.
        Found the API documentation for Mastodon and Reddit.


Date: Fri 3 Oct
    Time: 13:15 - 13:45
        What we talked about:
        We reviewed and discussed the questions raised by the mentors regarding today's presentation.

        Who did what:
        All parties discussed areas requiring improvement and finalised the direction for the forthcoming work.


Date: Sat 4 Oct
    Time: 16:00 - 16:35
 
        What we talked about:
        New personas and use case scenarios to meet feasibility requirements.
        Introduction the new column in the GitHub Projects tool, and how to implement push notifications on a web application without a register/login system.
 
        Who did what:
        Denis: Provided the feedback from yesterday’s presentation. Determine today's research focus.
        Provided some links to enhance project feasibility.
        Mingde: New personas have been presented. A new feature and its use cases have been proposed.
        Provided articles about web push.
        Diwen: The newly added sections in GitHub Projects were explained, focusing particularly on the login and push notification systems.
        Issues with the new personas and a new feature along with its use case were outlined, and the tasks requiring completion today were identified.


Date: Sun 5 Oct
    Time: 16:30 - 17:56

        What we talked about:
        We discussed the requirements specification and made improvements and mergers.
        Low-fidelity prototypes of the software need to be created, and research into the system architecture needs to be conducted.
 
        Who did what:
        All individuals participated in the relevant discussions.
