Week 3

Date: Mon 6 Oct
    Time: 14:20 to 16:00 (Offline), 22:30 to 23:00 (Online)

        What did we talking about:
        The sketch was redrawn according to the revised requirements, with additional details incorporated to complete the high-fidelity wireframe.
        System architecture.

        Who did what:
        Denis: Explained the sketches he had drawn, explained the concept of architecture.
        Mingde: Talked about the high-fidelity wireframe.
        Diwen: Improved the sketch based on Denis’s, shwoed the N-tier to others and some tech stack behind it.


Date: Tue 7 Oct
    Time: 8:30 to 9:30, 10:00 to 10:40 (with mentor), 10:40 to 11:23

        What did we talking about:
        High-fidelity wireframes, technical architecture, requirements on the GitHub, TO DO FOR THIS WEEK.

        Who did what:
        Denis: Explained his version of technical architecture, reviewed the high-fidelity wireframes, did some researches.
               Explained to the mentor what we had done over the last few days and asked mentor about the GitHub requirements for his part.
        Mingde: Showed us the high-fidelity wireframes he drawn on the Figma, snet a YouTube link of the Event-driven architecture.
        Diwen: Explain what should be improved in the high-fidelity wireframes. Ask questions to the mentor to choose project directions such as Redis and EDA.
               Confirmed what needs to be done today.


Date: Wed 8 Oct
    Time: 16:00 to 17:00

        What did we talking about:
        High-fidelity wireframes, use case digrams, system architecture and the software prototype.

        Who did wat:
        Denis: Showed us 7 use case diagrams, modified on the high-fidelity wireframes.
        Mingde: modified on the high-fidelity wireframes.
        Diwen: Combined all 7 use case diagrams from Denis into 1 unified diagram, modified on the high-fidelity wireframes,
               talked about the N-tier architecture, decided what needs to be done today.


Date: Thu 9 Oct
    Time: 12:30 to 13:55, 22:05 to 23:45
 
        What did we talking about:
        1. Send the survey
        2. Modify README
        3. Finish the N-tier architecture 
        4. Change the high-fidelity on the slides
        5. Finish the slides with the rest
        6. Create a webpage prototype

        Who did what:
        Denis: Explained updated technical architecture to others, finalised the diagram, posted the survey on the Reddit.
        Mingde: Drawed the updated technical architecture, sent the survey in person, finalised the slides.
        Diwen: Created the survey and posted it to others both in person and oline, helped to finalise the technical architecture,
        showed the prototype of the web app to others, finalised the slides.


Date: Fri 10 Oct
    Time: 13:10 to 14:00

    What did we talking about:
    Feedback from today onsite meeting:
    1. Seperate Guest users and Login/Paid users
    2. Change the theme to 2 different types, light and dark
    3. Place each platform's filter under the index
    4. Design a LOGO
    5. Split frontend, backend and load balancer in the architecture
    6. The use case should be distinct from both guest users and logged-in/paid users
    7. Improve GitHub Projects for use with SCRUM. The following features need to be added:
        - Roadmaps (Gantt view)
        - Milestones as sprints
        - Workflow automation
        - etc.
        
    Who did what:
    Denis: Looking forward to improving GitHub Projects.
    Mingde: Design LOGO, re-design the architecture.
    Diwen: Post feedback, improving the frontend.

