Week 2

Date: Sun 28 Sep
    Time: 16:00 to 18:00
        What did we talking about:
        Finish last weeks challenges, talked about how to finish TO DO for this week (week3).

        Who did what
        Denis: Will do the three personas on Figma after tomorrow's meeting.
        Mingde: High fidelity and fill the personas spreadsheet.
        Diwen: The app logic was explained and a demo was shown.


Date: Mon 29 Sep
    Time: 14:00 – 14:43
        What we talked about:
        Contact Diwen for sketches.
        Compare sketches with low-fidelity wireframes.
        Review Denis’s personas.
        Check Mingde’s persona mistakes.

        Who did what:
        Denis: Finished 3 personas, reviewed team members’ personas.
        Mingde: Liaised with Diwen to get sketches, worked on low-fidelity wireframe,
                continued working on personas (not yet finished), updated personas spreadsheet.
        Diwen: Finishing personas, communicated with group, sent sketches to Mingde.


Date: Tue 30 Sep
    Time: 10:00 – 12:30
        What we talked about:
        3 personas form each one, use case scenario and TO DO (weekly slides, use case and Figma).
        
        Who did what:
        Denis: Presented three personas, asked questions about the other personas and modified the persona sheets. Talked about the use case.
        Mingde: Presented three personas, gave questions for the other personas and talked about the use case.
        Diwen: Presented three personas, provided questions for the other personas and discussed the use case.


Date: Wed 1 Oct
    Time: 14:20 - 15:00
        What we talked about:
        We talked about how to finish the prototype of main use-case e.g. FIGMA, reviewed other completed TO DO, and divided up the remaining tasks.
        
        Who did what:
        Denis: Found articles about low-fidelity wireframe, defined how the use-case e.g. FIGMA should look. Boost team morale.
        Mingde: Found useful documentation from his UX module, will try to use it and the use case with sketches to draw the low-fidelity wireframes.
        Diwen: Checked all the TO DO list, ask others video record, explained how to use the user case with sketches to create low-fidelity wireframe.

    Time: 19:00 - 19:33
        What we talked about:
        Requirement Specification.

        Who did what:
        Each person presented their written contributions to the others and discussed how to merge these materials.
